Documentation for type packs (#257)
Roblox/luau: docs/_pages/typecheck.md

type F = (...number) -> ...string
```

## Type packs

> Multiple function return values as well as the function variadic parameter uses a type pack to represent a list of types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple function return values as well as the function variadic parameters use a type pack to represent a list of types.
```

When a type alias is defined, generic type pack parameters can be used after the type parameters:

```lua
type Signal<T, U...> = { f: (T, U...) -> (), data: T }
```

> Similarly, generic function can reference a generic type pack from the generics list:

Reviewer: Can we add a note before this that explains that `...T` means "arbitrary number of values of type T" whereas `T...` means "a number of values that match types defined in T... type pack". It may be redundant but it's a common point of confusion.

Author: Added a note.

```lua
local function call<T, U...>(s: Signal<T, U...>, ...: U...)
    s.f(s.data, ...)
end
```

Generic types with type packs can be instantiated by providing a type pack:

```lua
local signal: Signal<string, (number, number, boolean)> = --

call(signal, 1, 2, false)
```

There are also other ways to instantiate types with generic type pack parameters:

```lua
type A<T, U...> = (T) -> U...

type B = A<number, ...string> -- with a variadic type pack
type C<S...> = A<number, S...> -- with a generic type pack
type D = A<number, ()> -- with an empty type pack
```

> Trailing type packs arguments can also be provided without parentheses as variadic type arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trailing type pack argument can also be provided without parentheses by specifying variadic type arguments:
```
